welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to keep the
good times rolling in terms of creature
features with the 2006 film
slither if you're interested at all in
experimental shunting subscribe to the
channel for more information
let's get to it we open on a poorly
rendered asteroid
screaming toward earth it breaks apart
as it rips through the atmosphere
touching down quietly somewhere off
yonder near this sleepy small town
and this meteor has a creamy center then
we get some establishing shots showing
this town is
gutted but the schools are vibrant
beacons of hope as starla gives an apt
lesson in fitness
outside she's picked up by grant her
unlikely partner
and as bill and margaret gossip nearby
we learn he burns a candle for starla
and her relationship with grant is a bit
of a daddy situation
but it's not all rosy as grant tries to
get her engine warmed up and she
recommends he take a little time for
himself
instead he goes foraging and even with
an unbaited hook snags a nubile and
willing partner
who even appreciates his derogatory
brand of humor he thinks better however
and attempts to hit the reverse button
but becomes distracted by nature
they follow the gooey trail to a slimy
egg with a mucusy protuber and set
forcibly enters his torso
after marveling at the boundless miracle
of nature he heads home to get his meat
on
the next morning we find starla doing
her best to make amends which even his
alien brain
can't resist this disturbingly leaves
starla positively
glowing at the quality of sex that
resulted from his seemingly boyish
wonder and grant spends the day packing
meat
later we see his vessel is struggling
even though he's eating all this meat
and that he can't bring himself to
inseminate his own wife
so while starla heads to the town
hoedown he goes to mitigate his urges
bill now has the chance to connect with
starla and they listen to the speech
that represents the official start of
hunting season
together and as the town sings and
dances grant spends some time with his
mistress trying to figure out how his
new equipment works
and ultimately finds it works best just
relax and do what comes natural to the
body the next day we see an outward
manifestation of his new atkins diet
oh my god baby what happened to your
face he claims it was a bee sting
and that he's already seen the doctor
however when starla calls to try to
double up his treatment plan the
doctor's confusion reveals the lie
adding to this bill is at her house that
evening needing to ask grant some
questions about brenda's disappearance
as some of her neighbors saw him out
front of her house the night before
starla decides to check their recently
padlocked basement and finds it
ripe with the stench of all of grant's
new hobbies and interests
she tries to call bill back but is
interrupted by grant who is subsequently
interrupted by bill
three days later we see the mayor
screaming for them to get a handle on
this
luckily grant has been feeding on
livestock at the local farms in a fairly
linear pattern meaning that next up is
the strudemire property they head there
to camp out with the cows
before long they witness a creepy crawl
up and begin dragging off some choice
beef starla goes out and tries to talk
him back in for treatment
for his illness but it's hard to express
a desire to help with guns drawn
so he goes to leave but a local tuff
decides to square off with him he
casually splits him open and skitters
into the woods
posse gives chase following his moist
leavings through the underbrush until
they arrive at a cabin in the woods
they find brenda here well fed but
before they can roll her into the
hospital she explodes
they find themselves fully engulfed in
slugs and the only chance for survival
comes from covering one's mouth
while they regroup we see the
strudemeyer household invaded
kylie the eldest gets a little glimpse
into the hive memory before giving her
attacker what we refer to as
the judy she then finds it's too late
for her mom and siblings and gets stuck
in her truck
at the barn they're unable to raise
anyone on the radio so bill goes for his
cruiser the others are engaged in
dragging their comrades out of the stank
when they wake up
start talking as if they were grant
desiring meat and spitting acid
when they decide to test her starla
teaches them not to step to her
meanwhile bill helps kylie out but
they're descended upon by a mob of
brain-addled locals the woods gang then
runs out tag-teaming for their own
protection
and hopping into the car to take off
temporarily safe in the car kylie takes
a moment to explain what she saw when
she was part of the collective
allowing them to surmise that destroying
grant will remedy the entire situation
in defiance of their hopes and dreams
they find the situation inside city
limits no better and quickly lose the
protection of the car
starla and jack are dragged off but bill
and kylie manage to get out
bill's plan is to get at the contraband
grenade in the station to use on grant
but first there's the matter of the
zombie deer a situation from which he's
extricated thanks to kylie
meanwhile starla is ceremoniously
prepared as jack is
unceremoniously dragged to the feedlot
they use this to point them in the
general direction of home base
as they make their way there starla
stashes a hairbrush and ventures
downstairs
she finds the collective obsessed with
her and grant having a masked and
enviable girth
thanks to the minions merging with him
shunting style she tries to convince him
her heart is pure
talking her way into his good graces and
inching close enough to violently betray
him
bill then presents himself in true
savior fashion only to be cast aside by
a massive tentacle
but when grant goes to double penetrate
him he manages to reverse the flow with
the propane tank resulting in a messy
explosion
bill then takes just a moment to
awkwardly coax seminal fluid from his
open chest wound
and they emerge to find the nightmare
over as the true nightmare of cleaning
up an entire town of dead bodies
just begins slither was a fun addition
to the hive mind alien invasion movie
genre while it doesn't necessarily add
anything new it was put together well
and manages to avoid the critical error
of being boring
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching